---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powerflex_snapshot_policy Data Source - powerflex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  .
---

# powerflex_snapshot_policy (Data Source)

.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the snapshot policy instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the snapshot policy.

### Read-Only

- `snapshotpolicies` (Attributes List) List of snapshot policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snapshotpolicies))

<a id="nestedatt--snapshotpolicies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshotpolicies`

Read-Only:

- `auto_snapshot_creation_cadence_in_min` (Number) Auto snapshot creation cadence in min.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the snapshot policy instance.
- `last_auto_snapshot_creation_failure_reason` (String) Last auto snapshot creation failure reason.
- `last_auto_snapshot_failure_in_first_level` (Boolean) Last auto snapshot failure in first level.
- `links` (Attributes List) Specifies the links asscociated for a snapshot policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snapshotpolicies--links))
- `max_vtree_auto_snapshots` (Number) Max vtree auto snapshots.
- `name` (String) Name of the snapshot policy.
- `next_auto_snapshot_creation_time` (Number) Next auto snapshot creation time.
- `num_of_auto_snapshots` (Number) Number of auto snapshots.
- `num_of_creation_failures` (Number) Number of creation failures.
- `num_of_expired_but_locked_snapshots` (Number) Number of expired but locked snapshots.
- `num_of_locked_snapshots` (Number) Number of locked snapshots.
- `num_of_retained_snapshots_per_level` (List of Number) Number of retained snapshots per level.
- `num_of_source_volumes` (Number) Number of source Volumes.
- `secure_snapshots` (Boolean) Secure snapshots.
- `snapshot_access_mode` (String) Snapshot Access Mode.
- `snapshot_policy_state` (String) Specifies the current state of the snapshot policy.
- `system_id` (String) System Identifier.
- `time_of_last_auto_snapshot` (Number) Time of last auto snapshot.
- `time_of_last_auto_snapshot_creation_failure` (Number) Time of last auto snapshot creation failure.

<a id="nestedatt--snapshotpolicies--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshotpolicies.links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) Specifies the exact path to fetch the details.
- `rel` (String) Specifies the relationship with the snapshot policy.


