---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powerflex_volume Data Source - powerflex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  .
---

# powerflex_volume (Data Source)

.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the volume instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the volume.
- `storage_pool_id` (String) Specifies the unique identifier of the storage pool.

### Read-Only

- `volumes` (Attributes List) List of volumes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes`

Read-Only:

- `access_mode_limit` (String) Specifies the access mode limit.
- `ancestor_volume_id` (String) The volume id to which the snapshot is linked to.
- `compression_method` (String) Specifies the compression method.
- `consistency_group_id` (String) The unique id for the consistency group.
- `creation_time` (Number) Specifies the time of creation.
- `data_layout` (String) Specifies the layout for the data.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the volume instance.
- `links` (Attributes List) Specifies the links asscociated for a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--links))
- `locked_auto_snapshot` (Boolean) Specifies if it's a locked auto snapshot.
- `locked_auto_snapshot_marked_for_removal` (Boolean) Specifies if it's a locked auto snapshot marked for removal.
- `managed_by` (String) Specifies by whom it's managed by.
- `mapped_sdc_info` (Attributes List) Specifies the list of sdc's mapped to a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--mapped_sdc_info))
- `name` (String) Name of the volume.
- `not_genuine_snapshot` (Boolean) Specifies if not genuine snapshot.
- `original_expiry_time` (Number) Specifies the original expiry time.
- `replication_journal_volume` (Boolean) Specifies the replication journal volume.
- `replication_time_stamp` (Number) Specifies the replication time stamp.
- `secure_snapshot_exp_time` (Number) Specifies the secure snapshot expiry time.
- `size_in_kb` (Number) Size of the volume in KB
- `storage_pool_id` (String) Specifies the unique identifier of the storage pool.
- `time_stamp_is_accurate` (Boolean) Specifies if the time stamp is accurate.
- `use_rm_cache` (Boolean) Enable rm cache.
- `volume_replication_state` (String) Specifies the volume replication state.
- `volume_type` (String) Specifies the type of that volume.
- `vtree_id` (String) Unique identifier of the VTree

<a id="nestedatt--volumes--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) Specifies the exact path to fetch the details.
- `rel` (String) Specifies the relationship with the volume.


<a id="nestedatt--volumes--mapped_sdc_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.mapped_sdc_info`

Read-Only:

- `access_mode` (String) Specifies the access mode.
- `is_direct_buffer_mapping` (Boolean) Specifies if it is direct buffer mapping.
- `limit_bw_in_mbps` (Number) Specifies the bandwidth limits in Mbps.
- `limit_iops` (Number) Specifies the IOPS limits.
- `sdc_id` (String) Unique identifier for sdc.
- `sdc_ip` (String) Ip of the sdc.
- `sdc_name` (String) Specifies the name of the sdc.


