---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powerflex_snapshot Resource - powerflex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Snapshot in powerflex.
  Note: Snapshot creation or update is not atomic. In case of partially completed operations, terraform can mark the resource as tainted.
  One can manually remove the taint and try applying the configuration (after making necessary adjustments).
  Warning: If the taint is not removed, terraform will destroy and recreate the resource.
---

# powerflex_snapshot (Resource)

Manages Snapshot in powerflex.
Note: Snapshot creation or update is not atomic. In case of partially completed operations, terraform can mark the resource as tainted.
One can manually remove the taint and try applying the configuration (after making necessary adjustments).
Warning: If the taint is not removed, terraform will destroy and recreate the resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the snapshot.

### Optional

- `access_mode` (String) The Access mode of snapshot
- `capacity_unit` (String) capacity unit
- `desired_retention` (Number) desired retention of snapshot
- `lock_auto_snapshot` (Boolean) lock auto snapshot
- `remove_mode` (String) remove mode of snapshot
- `retention_unit` (String) retention unit of snapshot
- `sdc_list` (Attributes Set) mapped sdc info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sdc_list))
- `size` (Number) snapshot size
- `volume_id` (String) The volume id for which snapshot is created - Either of Volume ID/Name is Required.
- `volume_name` (String) The volume name for which snapshot is created - Either of Volume ID/Name is Required.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the snapshot.
- `retention_in_min` (String) retention of snapshot in min
- `size_in_kb` (Number) Size in KB

<a id="nestedatt--sdc_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sdc_list`

Optional:

- `access_mode` (String) The Access Mode of the SDC
- `limit_bw_in_mbps` (Number) Bandwidth limit in MBPS
- `limit_iops` (Number) IOPS limit
- `sdc_id` (String) The ID of the SDC
- `sdc_name` (String) The Name of the SDC


