---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powerflex_volume Resource - powerflex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Volume in powerflex.
  Note: Volume creation or update is not atomic. In case of partially completed operations, terraform can mark the resource as tainted.
  One can manually remove the taint and try applying the configuration (after making necessary adjustments).
  Warning: If the taint is not removed, terraform will destroy and recreate the resource.
---

# powerflex_volume (Resource)

Manages Volume in powerflex.
Note: Volume creation or update is not atomic. In case of partially completed operations, terraform can mark the resource as tainted.
One can manually remove the taint and try applying the configuration (after making necessary adjustments).
Warning: If the taint is not removed, terraform will destroy and recreate the resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the volume.
- `size` (Number) volume size

### Optional

- `access_mode` (String) The Access mode of Volume
- `capacity_unit` (String) capacity unit
- `compression_method` (String) Compression Method the volume.
- `protection_domain_id` (String) Protection Domain ID - Either of Protection Domain ID/Name is Required.
- `protection_domain_name` (String) Protection Domain Name - Either of Protection Domain ID/Name is Required.
- `remove_mode` (String) remove mode of Volume
- `sdc_list` (Attributes Set) mapped sdc info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sdc_list))
- `storage_pool_id` (String) storage pool id - Either of Storage Pool ID/Name is Required.
- `storage_pool_name` (String) Storage Pool Name - Either of Storage Pool ID/Name is Required.
- `use_rm_cache` (Boolean) use rm cache
- `volume_type` (String) volume type

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the volume.
- `size_in_kb` (Number) Size in KB

<a id="nestedatt--sdc_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sdc_list`

Optional:

- `access_mode` (String) The Access Mode of the SDC
- `limit_bw_in_mbps` (Number) limit bw in mbps
- `limit_iops` (Number) limit iops
- `sdc_id` (String) The ID of the SDC
- `sdc_name` (String) The Name of the SDC


